Add §"Working with phylogenetic data" (#34)
cran-task-views/Phylogenetics: Phylogenetics.md

4.  **Other useful packages and miscellany:** packages that are useful for performing phylogenetic analyses, such as taxonomic matching

## Working with phylogenetic data in R

### Reading alignments and matrices

- `r pkg("phangorn")`,  `r pkg("TreeTools")` and `r pkg("TreeSearch")` contain functions for reading phylogenetic datasets into R and manipulating the resulting objects.
- `r github("uyedaj/rphenoscate")` allows character matrices to be synthesized from semantic phenotype data, and facilitates analysis of "inapplicable" characters – such as morphological characters that are dependent on a parent trait – by constructing formal character hierarchies and the corresponding rate matrices (Tarasov 2023).

> - `r pkg("phenex")` facilitates the annotation of character matrices files with ontology terminology.

Reviewer: I think this maybe mixing up the [Phenex](https://phenex.phenoscape.org) software with the [Phenex R package](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/phenex/refman/phenex.html)?

Apologies for not catching this right away. I can submit a PR removing it?

Reviewer 2: Oh, good catch! Yes, please submit a PR!

Reviewer: I did, see #50

- `r github("Leonardini/treeCentrality")` can compute several statistics inspired from network science.

> ## Working with phylogenetic data in R

Reviewer 2: Ah yes, that makes a lot more sense. I could see this new category then remaining a separate category (the first category?), followed by the current second category and then the current first category?

- `r pkg("phangorn")`,  `r pkg("TreeTools")` and `r pkg("TreeSearch")` contain functions for reading phylogenetic datasets into R and manipulating the resulting objects.
- `r github("uyedaj/rphenoscate")` allows character matrices to be synthesized from semantic phenotype data, and facilitates analysis of "inapplicable" characters – such as morphological characters that are dependent on a parent trait – by constructing formal character hierarchies and the corresponding rate matrices (Tarasov 2023).
- `r pkg("phenex")` facilitates the annotation of character matrices files with ontology terminology.

> - `r pkg("Claddis")` and `r pkg("EvoPhylo")` generate distance matrices from phylogenetic data, with function to identify clusters and plots corresponding morphospace from thstance matrices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `r pkg("Claddis")` and `r pkg("EvoPhylo")` generate distance matrices from phylogenetic data, with functions to identify clusters and plot the corresponding morphospaces from these matrices.
```
